Very quick and yummy. The service was great with the kindest employees. It is very small and not a lot of seating but a easy grab and go stop for sandwiches and coffee
Gourmet Bagel - Bacon, Egg and Cheese - New York, NY

Bacon, Egg and Cheese
Gourmet Bagel - Iced Matcha Latte (Unsweetened) Cafe Latte Jumbo Cookie - New York, NY

Iced Matcha Latte (Unsweetened) Cafe Latte Jumbo Cookie
Photo of Hong Kim L.
Hong Kim L.Elite 26
Brooklyn, NY
25 Brunch reviews
Oct 14, 2025
2 photos

Definitely overcharged for my lunch. Ordered a French Brie sandwich on a roll, a cookie, and small freshly squeezed orange juice. Was charged $31.27 altogether.

Even at the highest value, my lunch should've never been this high. Inaccurate check-out.

Enjoy the extra deposits from me because this will be the last time I come here.

If I wanted to spend this much, I would eat out at a restaurant. Not for a quick grab lunch.

And fair warning for anyone coming here.
Gourmet Bagel - French Brie sandwich on a roll, cookie, and small freshly squeezed orange juice - New York, NY

French Brie sandwich on a roll, cookie, and small freshly squeezed orange juice
Gourmet Bagel - Receipt of my 3 item lunch - New York, NY

Receipt of my 3 item lunch
Photo of Rossanna C.
Rossanna C.
San Francisco, CA
0
1
0
May 14, 2026

Awesome service and yummy food. Best bagels in the neighborhood. Carmen is the best! Definitely recommend.
Photo of Lara T.
Lara T.Elite 26
Wesley Chapel, FL
99 Brunch reviews
May 18, 2025
6 photos

Oh what a great place to get a bagel or anything else you could find in a deli. I had an amazing bagel with cream cheese and lox. They didn't skimp on the smoked salmon and it was delicious. They have different flavor bagels. It's counter service, but they had a few small tables in the back to sit and eat which we did. The service was friendly and fast. I'd definitely return.
Gourmet Bagel - Counter - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - Bagel - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - Menu - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - New York, NY

See all photos from Lara T. for Gourmet Bagel
Photo of Shaina M.
Shaina M.
Midtown East, Manhattan, NY
0
4
2
Apr 28, 2026

My favorite bagel place on the UES. Those breakfast sammiches are so filling! And the smoothies are really fresh too!
Photo of Michael R.
Michael R.
New York, NY
186
16
3
May 25, 2025

Consistently bad service, they get upset when you realize they messed up your order. Very rude, look elsewhere.
Photo of Megan H.
Megan H.Elite 26
Southbury, CT
13 Burger reviews
Oct 7, 2023
1 photo

We stumbled upon this great spot! Saturday afternoon at 3:30, not overly busy as we were able to find a table to sit at. Huge menu selection, something for everyone and the staff was so accommodating to our requests. Very clean and well stocked with to go options of drinks, snacks and bakery goods.
Gourmet Bagel - Bacon cheeseburger wrapped in lettuce no bun - New York, NY

Bacon cheeseburger wrapped in lettuce no bun
Photo of Jason A.
Jason A.
Wicker Park, Chicago, IL
6 Bagel reviews
Mar 9, 2025

A fine bagel, chewy in a good way. However, the wax paper stuck to the bagel making it a mess and had to throw away a lot of the bagel. The sausage and egg were fine nothing special. I think this is fine if you just want a bagel and cream cheese. If you want a great breakfast sandwich, there are better options.
Photo of Rachel W.
Rachel W.
Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, CA
2
21
1
Dec 31, 2024

Delicious food and great service! We ordered omelets, pancakes and lox sandwiches. Absolutely great!
Photo of Marianne W.
Marianne W.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
81 Bagel reviews
Aug 18, 2021
10 photos

Gourmet Bagel on Lexington Avenue hit the spot today. I intended to return after seeing it earlier this month. What a pretty place with nice employees. It's clean and well stocked with many items. There's a really nice seating area in back.

The arrangement for ordering, pick up, and check out with the cashier, is very clearly marked. There's no confusing line to order at Gourmet Bagel. The men behind the counter are very nice too.

I looked over the bagel and cream cheese selection and decided on my favorite flavor Pumpernickel. The cream cheese selection is definitely Gourmet. I decided to try the Olive and Capers. When he handed me the bagel I saw it was huge through the tinfoil. I thought $4.50 was a reasonable price.

The inside tables and chairs are clean. There's several garbage cans. They provided three good size napkins. I couldn't wait to see the bagel. I took my bag over and sat at a table inside. Wow, the bagel was huge. There's enough cream cheese for my liking too and it was delicious. For the first time in my life I couldn't finish the bagel. I scooped out the inside and left some of the crust. Next time I visit I'll be sure I'm really hungry!

Before I left I asked if they had a bathroom. The nice man behind the counter showed me a hidden space. It did say Employees Only on the door but he showed me where they keep the key. If you need to use it just ask them. Like I keep saying these people are nice and I felt comfortable here. Their AC is working well too! I wish I lived closer. I'm definitely recommending you try Gourmet Bagel.

 was craving a bagel on my way to Solidcore, so I opened up Yelp to look for the closest bagel place and happened upon Gourmet Bagel. As it was in the afternoon, a lot of the bagel options were already sold out but I managed to order my usual: a sesame bagel with veggie cream cheese ($6.76) without any trouble. The bagel itself wasn't stale, but it did lack a fluffy interior and was rather dense overall. Sadly, not a bagel place that particularly stood out to me, but a good option to know and keep in mind when around this part of Lexington.
Photo of Wendy G.
Wendy G.
Oakland Gardens, NY
5 Brunch reviews
Mar 5, 2025

Best staff in town. Always super happy & helpful. Very quick for pick orders. Love the oatmeal & your choice of toppings. So happy it's just 2 aves away from my job. Keep up the good work!
Photo of Ronit M.
Ronit M.Elite 26
Jericho, NY
12 Bagel reviews
Nov 17, 2022

Three stars for cost. Omfg this bagel place is EXPENSIVE. I ordered a pumpernickel bagel toasted with pb&j, which if I remembered correctly it was $3.50. My entire bill was $14.70. I also got a medium sized bottle of coconut water. I think that's an insane price for only two (2) items.

The kitchen and counter staff were wonderful and friendly and good with my order. Place was clean and well organized. Only for the price, I dropped 2*.

Happy eats!
Photo of Steph W.
Steph W.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
35 Bagel reviews
Jul 22, 2022
4 photos

They brought me a fresh out of the oven bagel! The bagel was warm, soft, but not the density was not what I was looking for. It was a little dryer but toppings were great. $1.75/bagel and 5.56 oz.
Gourmet Bagel - everything bagel FRESH - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - inside - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - inside - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - inside - New York, NY
Photo of Elaine F.
Elaine F.
Manhattan, NY
3
22
13
Nov 18, 2023
1 photo

Ordered here for the first time earlier this week. I had a basic egg white and cheese sandwich, and I found a large piece of glass in the egg... I nearly swallowed it, and thankfully I didn't. Ordered through Grubhub and got a full refund.
Gourmet Bagel - Egg white and cheese with a hidden piece of glass - New York, NY

Egg white and cheese with a hidden piece of glass
Photo of Emily G.
Emily G.Elite 26
Manhattan, NY
21 Bagel reviews
Jun 27, 2023

A great lunch spot to grab a quick bagel or a good sandwich. Got the turkey sandwich and it was just what I needed. Couple of tables to eat quick.
Photo of Quinlan C.
Quinlan C.
Bellingham, WA
0
5
0
Mar 17, 2025

I frequently go here between classes they are always very nice and make great bagels and breakfast sandwiches!!
Photo of Evan L.
Evan L.Elite 26
Queens, NY
13 Brunch reviews
Jul 2, 2023

Perhaps the name of the place is a bit misleading- they have way more than just bagels here. Bagels, sandwiches, breakfast, drinks, snacks, and more. Really solid option for a quick breakfast or lunch, and nice staff too!
Photo of Amy W.
Amy W.
New York, NY
11 Brunch reviews
Jul 1, 2024
1 photo

solid bagel in the upper east side! kind of pricey but had really good amount of cream cheese. bagel was pretty chewy and fresh
Gourmet Bagel - New York, NY
Photo of Mei Qin Z.
Mei Qin Z.
New York, NY
5 Bagel reviews
Nov 12, 2022

Gourmet Bagel is a solid bagel and breakfast spot on Lexington Avenue with a wide selection of options to choose from. My sister discovered this place a while back and since then we've shared numerous cold-cut sandwiches, though we usually opt for a hero with ham, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and light mayo. The prices run on the higher end, but the ingredients are fresh, and the sandwiches are absolutely huge and very filling.

Note: They do offer a 5% discount for Hunter College students and staff with proof of ID.

That said, if you plan on taking advantage of this discount, definitely make sure the staff actually give it. Every time that my sister and I have gone, the staff never input the discount; once, the cashier looked at my sister's ID and rang up the total as usual (without the discount) and my sister had to ask whether that included the discount. I mean if you're so reluctant to give the discount (note that it used to be 10%), why offer and advertise it in the first place?

I am traved in nyc. And stop by here at first for restroom. I got the blue moon and garlic&herb avocado tomato lettuce wheat bagel. It totally like 20$
The view here I really like. Eating bangle and my smooth in nyc street and do the people watch. That's so chill, I recommend solo eat here.
Blue moon
It taste good for me. Not that sweet but sweet enough, it taste more like banana and apple. I like it. Health and taste. I get the small one. I feel like enough if you order a bagel. Cuz I left half bagel. And can't finish my smooth
Bagel
I feel like lol the bread not big deal. If you want cheap just do plain one. But the spread is nice. If you like savory go ahead and order it lol. For me I feel just spread boring so I add some veggies. But the lettuce not look like fresh. I like the spread. The bagel is just fine.
Gourmet Bagel - Garlic and Herb Cream Cheese avocado lettuce tomato wheat bagel - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - Blue Moon - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - New York, NY
Photo of Alessandra V.
Alessandra V.
Delray Beach, FL
64 Brunch reviews
Oct 16, 2023
2 photos

solid bagel. i got an everything with tofu cream cheese it was really good. wish they didnt charge more for tofu cream cheese vs regular.
Gourmet Bagel - everything bagel with tofu cream cheese - New York, NY

everything bagel with tofu cream cheese
Gourmet Bagel - everything bagel with tofu cream cheese - New York, NY

everything bagel with tofu cream cheese
Photo of Mendo S.
Mendo S.
Queens, New York, NY
6 Brunch reviews
Aug 13, 2022
1 photo

Solid bagel spot, the service is fast and efficient. Their everything bagel was warm and soft, tasted good with the scallion cream cheese. A thick amount of scallion cream cheese is spread on the bagel, making sure every bite is covered. Definitely recommend visiting!
Gourmet Bagel - Everything bagel with Bagel with scallion cream cheese - New York, NY

Everything bagel with Bagel with scallion cream cheese
Photo of Dan C.
Dan C.
Manhattan, NY
90 Bagel reviews
Nov 5, 2022
1 photo

A fairly decent selection of bagels (the jalapeño bagel is an especially nice option) and spreads to match. There is some seating but it's minimal in such a small space. Pricing? Don't get me started. I asked for a tofu spread on the side, as my daughter didn't want any, and somehow I was charged $17/lb. for that? Listen, if I feel someone is gouging me, I'll just go elsewhere. A disgusting practice.
Gourmet Bagel - $17 per pound - not for caviar but for scallion tofu. Price gouging makes for a poor breakfast. - New York, NY

$17 per pound - not for caviar but for scallion tofu. Price gouging makes for a poor breakfast.
Photo of Dechhen S.
Dechhen S.
Manhattan, New York, NY
4 Bagel reviews
Sep 12, 2022
1 photo

Gourmet bagel is a local casual bagel spot and great for convenience in the area. I enjoyed a everything bagel with scallion cream cheese and I really enjoyed the scallion cream cheese spread. The bagel itself was nothing special and tasted like a normal deli bagel and the cost is pretty normal for a New York bagel so for a bit more walking you can probably find a better bagel.
Gourmet Bagel - Everything Bagel with scallion cream cheese - New York, NY

Everything Bagel with scallion cream cheese
Photo of Evangelia L.
Evangelia L.
New York, NY
14 Brunch reviews
Mar 7, 2022
2 photos

A solid bagel spot on Lexington Avenue that I'll definitely come to more often. They have a variety of options to choose from, including some delicious pastries ! The bagel I ordered was toasted perfectly and had the right amount of scallion cream cheese. My iced coffee had the perfect amounts of milk and sugar as well. They also offer a discount if you're a Hunter College student, which was much appreciated ! The brownie I ordered was very moist and tasted fresh. Prices are a little on the higher end, but it's good quality. Staff is friendly.
Gourmet Bagel - Bagel with scallion cream cheese and Iced Coffee - New York, NY

Bagel with scallion cream cheese and Iced Coffee
Gourmet Bagel - Cookies and Cream Brownie - New York, NY

Cookies and Cream Brownie
Photo of Robert M.
Robert M.
Los Angeles, CA
0
5
0
Nov 10, 2023

I found animal feces in my food. This place is not sanitary. I'm not sure why they are still in business.
Photo of Diane H.
Diane H.
Lower East Side, New York, NY
0
2
0
Sep 4, 2024

They scammed me. I was told that a bottle of coke cost 25 cents more than the real price. Found the price tag on the bottom of the bottle after purchasing.
Photo of Shannon N.
Shannon N.
Miami, FL
3
4
0
Sep 24, 2023

They're nice, but the prices are suspiciously expensive, even for Lexington Ave. I mean, come on. 7 dollars for a bagel with cream cheese?? Liberty Bagel is close by and their prices are ridiculously reasonable. Plus, Gourmet Bagel keeps changing their prices or inventing a new one the moment I show up. Don't bother!
Photo of Yeah I.
Yeah I.
Flatbush, New York, NY
0
1
0
Sep 24, 2023

VERY OVERPRICED. you'd think paying 18 dollars for a cream cheese and salmon bagel would mean it would come with gold or something, but it's just a regular bagel that you can find anywhere else for less.
bagel was decent, and the interior was well decorated, but not worth the price and service.

2 stars exclusively for the price. We got two bagels and nothing else: one with lox and one with whitefish spread. The total: $36.

I had to ask them to double check the price multiple times because I just couldn't believe it.

The bagels alone cost less than $2, but the spread cost $14-17. It's really insane and not obvious pricing.

You order first, so you don't know how much you're going to be charged until your luxury bagels are already made.

As for the bagels, they were fine. Good. The service was fast. The people were nice. It was not worth $40. It tasted the same as your typical bagel anywhere else, but cost literally double.
Photo of Fernanda A.
Fernanda A.
Washington Heights, New York, NY
0
4
3
Jan 9, 2023
1 photo

Not going to lie this place is good! Bagels are decent size and they are thick. Get any bagel/sandwich from here and it will fill you up.. place looks clean and tidy and workers are so nice! Only reason why I give them 4 stars is because it's so EXPENSIVE!! Literally a bagel sandwich goes up to $13... if it wasn't so expensive I would have given 5 stars
Gourmet Bagel - Everything bagel with BEC/avocado/hash brown/chipotle mayo - New York, NY

Everything bagel with BEC/avocado/hash brown/chipotle mayo
Photo of Alexander M.
Alexander M.
Brooklyn, NY
104
23
3
Sep 26, 2022

Solid local spot. Have come here a lot because my life has often placed me in this area - great bagels, great coffee, beautiful Church across the street. I usually get a toasted everything bagel with jalapeño cream cheese and tomato + an iced coffee. Sometimes some fruit if I'm with my fiancée. Considering the area, pretty decent pricing. Friendly staff, worth your time
Photo of Jane P.
Jane P.
La Crescenta-Montrose, CA
0
18
0
Aug 27, 2022

Quick, efficient, and tasty! Their menu has a very wide range from juices to bagels to salads so it will satisfy a wide variety of cravings. They also have seating in the front and back!
Photo of Angelica O.
Angelica O.
Queens, NY
153
203
766
Nov 20, 2019
1 photo

Never had a problem with this place. I always get some sandwiches after or during school. Everything always tastes good, I guess during lunchtime it gets super crowded and some of the prices are expensive but it's the UES so i guess it's justified
Gourmet Bagel - baconeggandcheese, 1 word obviously - New York, NY

baconeggandcheese, 1 word obviously
Photo of M A.
M A.
New York, NY
2
41
54
Dec 8, 2019

Hey, it's a bagel place situated among overly priced sandwich places. Great price for the area coffee and bagel for Leeds than 5 bucks!!!! I even had rare to find choices...cranberry bagel !! Walnut raisin cream cheese. Fabulous! Glad these place still exist...

Oh and to top it all they ARENT obnoxious unlike Greg coffee next door....Gourmet Bagel was glad to show me where the restroom was.
Photo of Traci A.
Traci A.
Miami, FL
11 Brunch reviews
Feb 11, 2023

Fresh warm bagel with real butter, a great selection of organic hot teas, fresh squeezed juices...what more could you want?!? This place is awesome.
Photo of Sara T.
Sara T.
Owensboro, KY
44
50
71
Nov 2, 2019
3 photos

I found this place through the Food For All app, great to know they are doing their part to reduce waste! #zerofoodwaste This app is really great to try here, I was able to grab half a dozen bagels for less than $5 with the app! The staff were very friendly and it was very clean! I will be returning!
Gourmet Bagel - Food For All X Gourmet Bagel - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - Menu - New York, NY
Gourmet Bagel - New York, NY
Photo of Keala R.
Keala R.
Upper East Side, New York, NY
0
1
0
Aug 23, 2023

There are two women who work the register who are extremely rude. these bagels are far so overpriced and are not worth it one bit. I payed $12 for a bacon egg and cheese. Is that a joke. Please be cautious going to this bagel place and be aware that you could go anywhere else before you choose this place :)
Photo of Jasmine M.
Jasmine M.
Honolulu, HI
87
11
0
Jul 16, 2019

Awful/ rubbery / not fresh bagel.
Bagel with tuna, bagel with chicken, coffee and a setter water cost over $30. Waste of money and hard on the jaws. Not worth your time or money.