Order from here all of the time. Their sandwiches are incredible and the service between ordering and receiving the food is quick.
Photo of Marianne W.
Marianne W.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
228 Sandwich reviews
Aug 2, 2021
10 photos

Hunter Deli has been a breakfast spot for years. It's great in the summer. I did notice nothing has prices listed. The menu has a lower prices too. I guess they don't bother updating since the cost of everything keeps rising. That's the only issue I have today. When I come here and I want to eat I don't ask the price!

It's very homelike to me. There's outside seating and plenty inside seating. I love my window seat. The employees are friendly but not excessively chatty. They take care of business! Check out my photos of the breakfast meats and potatoes. If you like a big breakfast this is the place. The coffee is good too. Get in here and eat when you're in the neighborhood!
Hunter Delicatessen - Window Seat $1.75 for a small coffee. 08/02/21 - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - Old School with a new touch. 08/02/21 - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - You gotta eat here. 08/02/21 - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - Bagels 08/02/21 - New York, NY

See all photos from Marianne W. for Hunter Delicatessen
Photo of Laura J.
Laura J.
Brooklyn, Brooklyn, NY
0
43
134
Dec 28, 2024
1 photo

This lovely neighborhood deli was open on Christmas Day (2024) when many other local hospital favorites were closed. I wanted to give them a shout out and share a picture of the fantastic bagel that I was able to get before 9 AM. The fellow behind the counter even chopped up fresh jalapeños for my order. Keep up the good work Hunter Deli!
Hunter Delicatessen - Toasted everything bagel with cream cheese, tomato and freshly-chopped jalapeños - purchased on Christmas morning 2024. Fantastic! - New York, NY

Toasted everything bagel with cream cheese, tomato and freshly-chopped jalapeños - purchased on Christmas morning 2024. Fantastic!
Photo of Low J.
Low J.
Killeen, TX
0
8
0
Sep 10, 2024

Rude staff. Asked a question about the total of my purchase, the cashier was visibly rude and rolled her neck and eyes when she answered.
Photo of Angela R.
Angela R.
Manhattan, New York, NY
0
4
6
Mar 23, 2023
1 photo

I have given this place too many tries. Was there a couple of minutes ago and did not appreciate the cashier/owner's attitude. Yes it was somewhat busy, that doesn't give you the right to slam your paying device right on my face. You should be grateful you have business instead of making your customers not want to go back. Hope you don't treat your workers as bad as your customers.
Hunter Delicatessen - Coffee - New York, NY

Coffee
Photo of Nicholas G.
Nicholas G.
Hoboken, NJ
343 Sandwich reviews
Aug 13, 2018
5 photos

Originally thought it was a convenience store. Once you walk farther into the store you see how many food options there are. They have everything from salads to breakfast sandwiches. All looked pretty good. My friend got a egg wrap with bacon which was done well. A lot of options so come by and I am sure you will find something you like.

This isn't 5 star dining and there are only a couple tables. Probably best for takeout. Not sure if there is wifi either so not ideal if you need to get work done.
Hunter Delicatessen - Salad ingredients - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - Premade sandwiches - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - Premade food - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - Extensive menu - New York, NY

See all photos from Nicholas G. for Hunter Delicatessen
Photo of Colleen B.
Colleen B.
New York, NY
2
24
16
Nov 27, 2022

Great NYC deli! We love all their sandwiches. Especially the pastrami and roast beef. Delicious!
Photo of Jazmine R.
Jazmine R.
Staten Island, NY
5
100
55
Feb 5, 2022

The ratings are too low for the deli it is- this is a good basic neighborhood deli- yes maybe the one across the street is great but this one isn't bad-- I use to order breakfast every morning when I worked nearby and it was a solidly good breakfast every single time and I never had a complaint. The chip selections & everything are cool and the breakfast is good, try it out if you're in the neighborhood!
Photo of G M.
G M.
Tampa, FL
0
10
0
Apr 10, 2022

Great little place my wife found. Great and filling sandwiches. Friendly staff too.
A hidden gem.
Photo of K K.
K K.
0
2
6
Mar 24, 2020
6 photos

Under New management!!!!
Food and service was excellent. Definitely a plus for our neighborhood Thank you Hunter Deli.
Hunter Delicatessen - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - Korean Spicy Pork - New York, NY
Hunter Delicatessen - New York, NY
Hunter deli also restaurant, here now scoring an egg, tomato, cheese on a roll with coffee. Good price, nice guys behind counter., lovely seating by window. Fulfilling my fantasy, NY deli morning craving before going to Breuer to art it up. Work of freakin art right here. Thank you for existing.
Hunter Delicatessen - Art of egg on roll, tomato, cheese - New York, NY

Art of egg on roll, tomato, cheese
Photo of ¡ceberrrg -7 °.
¡ceberrrg -7 °.
Bronx, NY
1
14
0
Mar 16, 2018

Here's the deal kitties N doggies (Ladies N Gents). . .

DO NOT GET DELIVERY! Yea..they deliver kinda sorta but it IS NOT THAT KIND OF SPOT. Of course you will wait 2 hours and get cold food.
The place is busy as hell and you'd be crazy to even complain.

Dont come here expecting for the Pastrami sandwich to blow your mind because it wont. Neither will the ham/cheese, turkey or ANY sandwich for that matter.

Order this EXACTLY and you will give this place 5stars too...
Tell him grab the plastic container for a 'platter' and get
-The rice w/ vegetables mixed in it...aka yellow
-Mashed potatoes
-Fried breaded Chicken cutlet
-Tell them to spread 2 spoons of 'meat sauce' from the meatball container all over the chicken/mash and you will have straight italian style parmesan type thingamig going.
Endorsed / Sponsored by Yours Truly... i would never guide my fellow yelpers wrong.

OR.....

The cheeseburger deluxe (comes w/ great 'fat cut fires not fast food style or crinkle cut cr@p....Yes...i dont care if its a hero sandwich spot the BURGERS are OFFICIAL here ! !
Nice juicy (but not too greasy patty) ,comes w/ shredded lettuce and tomato. Get mayo/ketchup packets at the counter and dont bust the guys brizoles to put that on for you because you WILL get a staredown/ice grill for being SO PETTY making him do something you can easily do yourself.

They guys are over-worked and underpaid so chill with the comments about 'rude staff'. They wanna serve you and keep the line moving not PRETEND to care about your day or ask you "So how was your day today?". It simply does'nt matter and they dont care. *Ahem (tourists)

Also...both items i mentioned will run you $8-12 depending on drink you choose, toppings, etc. I think its worth every cents and beats Lex. Diner on 77st. anyday easily where the same meal will cost $15-20 + plus tip and NOT EVEN TASTE AS GOOD. You can thank me later.

I buy this for the valet guys that park my car atleast 3x a week and they detail my car and clean my rims and give me 2 indoor spots (no door dings hehe)....alllll cause of some Hunter Deli. I dont know what alternate side parking means anymore thanks to HD.
Photo of Genevieve K.
Genevieve K.
St. Petersburg, FL
63
229
2030
Sep 3, 2019
2 photos

My boyfriend and I were trying to find a sandwich shop near Central Park, so that we could have a picnic and decided to stop here because we surprisingly couldn't find many other restaurants. I've been making it a habit to check in at every place I stop at while in NY, but I wish I didn't while I was here. We ordered our sandwiches and I saw the first picture posted on yelp and immediately lost my appetite. We ordered the Brooklyn and the Cordon bleu sandwiches to go and also took a peanut butter and chocolate chip cookie. My Brooklyn might have been better if they weren't out of the slaw. My boyfriend said that his cordon bleu was just ok and didn't have much flavor. The cookies were disgusting and a complete waste of $7 and the calories. Flavorless and tasted like you were biting into a stick of butter. I would advise to plan ahead if you are trying to have a picnic in the park, so that you're not stuck with food from here.
Hunter Delicatessen - The SP22. Brooklyn Hero and Chocolate chip and peanut butter cookies - New York, NY

The SP22. Brooklyn Hero and Chocolate chip and peanut butter cookies
Hunter Delicatessen - Inside of The Brooklyn - New York, NY

Inside of The Brooklyn
Photo of Katherine G.
Katherine G.
Huntington, NY
0
6
0
Mar 10, 2022

Thought I'd switch up my deli choice by coming here, it was a terrible mistake. I ordered a panini with mozzarella, tomato, arugula, and pesto. Somehow they botched this very simple sandwich. The tomatoes were legitimately gray, the "arugula" was replaced with a pile wilted mixed greens and the bread was essentially thin soggy cardboard. This sandwich was 10$... I would love my money back. The mozzarella and pesto were at least edible so that's nice I guess.. Please for the love of god just go to Gourmet Bagel on 66th instead.
Photo of Jessica K.
Jessica K.
Manhattan, New York, NY
0
25
10
Oct 30, 2019

Ugh this place is horrible. I had a tuna melt and it was so fishy I had to spit it out. The chicken noodle soup was strange as well. You can get a better meal at 711
Photo of Johnny M.
Johnny M.
West Hollywood, CA
50
119
7
Sep 13, 2010

There are so many cafes/lunch spots around Hunter College that have an endless supply of gross prepackaged sandwiches and salads. They try to display them in the "oooo oui oui, look at us, we are the most fancy and French-ish looking sandwiches". But the Hunter Deli, for whatever reason, had a particularly tasty packaged sandwich! I was in shock. I got the tuna fish on pumpernickel bread. If you need a quick lunch to go, then try this place.

Also, they had some weird coffee roasting room in the back with some poor guy standing in there. Again, I think they're trying to prove how authentically European their coffee is, but let's get real.

Better than the rest, try it at least once!
Photo of Lolita M.
Lolita M.Elite 26
New York, NY
21 Sandwich reviews
Jan 7, 2012

Food is okay but ridiculously over priced. At times I think the cashier makes up his own prices as I always seem to order the same thing every time I've gone there yet the price has varied a couple bucks. I suppose it depends on which way the wind hits him that determines how expensive a roast beef sandwich will be - Some times $5 or sometimes $9
Photo of Katie H.
Katie H.
Astoria, Queens, NY
1259
689
492
Jun 27, 2013

Small deli located right off of Lex. It's pretty convenient especially if you're a student going to Hunter or a commuter coming right off the subway looking for some deli food. They have some pretty good sandwiches and wraps... but I have to say they're pretty expensive. You can get a lot more if you went to H&H not too far away.

I bought a grilled chicken wrap with mozzerella cheese, roasted red peppers, basil and balsamic vinegarette. They gave me a small bag of chips on the side and the total came to about $7.50. The wrap was pretty good although I wish the mozz was fresh. Also, if you wanna sit down there's not a lot of seating so heads up.
Photo of Bradley W.
Bradley W.
Manhattan, NY
171
38
1
May 3, 2015

Usually decent, but rarely on time. I gave this local place another try today.. Awful!
My bagel was cold a really chewy & my husbands toast was Literally black!
The delivery estimate was 15 -30 minutes & our unsatisfactory breakfast arrived an hour later! Never again Hunter.
Photo of Jeremy B.
Jeremy B.
Fort Lauderdale, FL
112
174
10
Aug 5, 2009

I was walking around this neighborhood on vacation in NYC and stopped in for a quick lunch. My lady ordered a salad where she chose the type of lettuce and various ingredients. I had a few bites and it was really good. For me, I was craving a roast beef sandwich and was not disappointed. I got it on soft white bread and the roast beef was piled high and delicious with provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato and light mayo. They use Boar's Head deli meat.

To go with it, I got a side of potato salad and didn't like it. Maybe it's because I'm from Florida but I prefer southern style potato salad and this one tasted like it had a a lot of either oil or vinegar and it was just not my kind of potato salad. They have a nice selection of chips, sides, drinks, etc and you can also get cigarettes if you want.

Drawback is this place is kind of expensive. Salad with grilled chicken, roast beef sandwich w/ side of potato salad and two drinks came to around $25. But it was probably cheap compared to other places in this area. Service was fast and the place had a couple of tables where we could sit and eat and watch the nice TV they had in there, playing Mexican soccer on ESPN-Deportes, by the way.

Overpriced (just as about everything else in Manhattan), run of the mill deli.

Something that would cost $4 in Brooklyn, here it's $8.
Photo of David B.
David B.
New York, NY
0
15
2
Aug 31, 2018

Probably the most overpriced wraps in the upper east side. Should have checked yelp beforehand. Avoid this place! Came for a quick bite on a Friday afternoon. Ordered a whole wheat wrap with turkey, spinach, lettuce and tomatoes. Came to $11.50. Couldn't even taste the turkey.
Photo of Rebecca L.
Rebecca L.
Berlin, Germany
33
341
0
Jul 7, 2009

Not bad if you are in a jam... (the affordable food options around Hunter are horrendous).

But they are overpriced in just about every way/every item.
And they never listen to W-H-E-A-T instead of white bread. Multiple times they've made that mistake when the order was placed clearly.

The salads are nothing to brag about but the best option for the $$.
Photo of Grace J.
Grace J.
Revere, MA
0
1
0
Mar 23, 2020

I have been coming to Hunter Deli for a while now and sin the new owners have taken over, the atmosphere is friendly and the food is great! Definitely recommend any of the sandwiches and wraps- particularly the chicken cutlet is amazing! The breakfast is also really good. There's a great selection of drinks and quick grab and go snacks available. There's also delivery and a sit-in area. Would definitely recommend to anyone passing by and I will be back soon!
Photo of Richard V.
Richard V.
Staten Island, NY
0
9
4
Jan 3, 2018

Worst experience ever. I ordered bacon scrambled eggs and toast yesterday 1/2/17. Came without any bacon. I just glanced it over because my coworker orders all the time and chalked it up as a bad one time off. Today we ordered again and I specifically asked that they don't forget the bacon. AGAIN NO BACON on the order. I call the business and they proceed to then say I got my own order wrong and would I like an extra order of bacon. WHY WOULD I PAY FOR BACON again when I never received the first order.
Photo of Sara A.
Sara A.
New York, NY
5
49
4
Dec 26, 2011

I frequent this alot because it's near the hospital. Granted it is pricey and I could probably get a turkey bacon, egg and cheese around the corner for nearly half the price, BUT this place makes it soooo good.
Their food tastes so clean idk what it is about it but it is never greasy yet never too dry. They make their eggs just the way I like them, not too gooey not to stiff. Their turkey bacon is crispy, chewy, delicious and not greasey! Their rolls are fluffy and delicious as well.
I have also got their turkey bacon and cream cheese on a bagel and it is just as good and fresh.
4/5 stars for their fresh and delicious breakfast sandwiches
1 star off for the price. I understand it's the upper east side and pricey is the norm but still. Regardless I still eat this 3-5 times a week.
Photo of Natalie C.
Natalie C.
New York, NY
23
821
0
Jun 5, 2007

Salads are awful. I'd eat at Hunter's cafeteria over this deli any day.
$0.50 for a pack of Doublemint gum? I made the cashier dude swear it costs that much and he did. Yeah, ok.

P.S. They have a CAT. Nothing against cats but I've seen them vomit, catch mice, and shed (at a liquor store). I don't think they belong in food establishments.
Photo of Haley C.
Haley C.
Vallejo, CA
128
312
16
Feb 18, 2007
First to Review

Go just to see how fast the cashier moves, it's like he's on speed! I've only had a toasted cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese here, but it's always excellent. They have a lot of options as far as food goes, everything looks great. They have limited seating, but it's usually not too hard to get a seat. Bonus points for carrying teany tea!
Photo of Brat T.
Brat T.
New York, NY
28 Sandwich reviews
Feb 1, 2015

0 star

Looks decent from the outside but dumpy in the inside and the employees were grumpy and the type I don't want touching my food, if you know what I mean.

Stopped in for a quick and bacon breakfast after a Sunday mani across the street. The counter where they assemble sandwiches was messy: dried slice of bacon that must have fallen out of a sandwich, crumbs and what looked like a piece of tomato which they didn't bother to clean up before they assembled an egg sandwich right next to it.

The quality was not surprisingly disappointing as i had expected. the eggs didn't taste fresh, the fries were under fried and the toast burnt. Their ready made sandwich LOOKED good but I am not tempted to go back any time soon.

No hot food buffet if you're intk that. There is another deli across the street with a hot buffet and I beleive Korean owned unlike this place that sells cup a noodles and toasted seaweed snacks and pretends to be korean owned. Hahah
Photo of D L.
D L.
Staten Island, NY
0
36
8
Dec 4, 2019

I see this place lives up to their reputation. Ordered a simple toasted bread with jelly. They deliver a peanut butter sandwich. Are you kidding me? And they tell me they can't deliver another until after their "dinner rush." It's a deli/convenience store. Not a restaurant. What dinner rush?
I work a block away from the deli and I placed an order over the phone for an omelette and an ice coffee and it took over an hour for my breakfast to be delivered. I ordered at 9:50 and it's didn't get to me till 11am. I am very unsatisfied with the service. An hour and I was block away. I will never place an order at this place ever again . I ordered breakfast not lunch ! And he didn't even apologized when I told him that I ordered an hour ago. So so disappointed .. I don't recommend this place
Photo of Seamus B.
Seamus B.
San Diego, CA
6
8
0
Jul 31, 2019

I've been here a few times last year. This year I went back and nothing has changed. The foods sucks and it's over priced. The people who work here are rude. Never going back!
Photo of Deb C.
Deb C.
Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn, NY
0
15
0
Jul 23, 2019

I've been going to Hunter Deli for years, mostly due to the lack of anything edible and affordable for lunch around Hunter College. Today will be my last time patronizing this place. It's ok as far as food. Nothing very good, but at least (at one point) you could afford the mediocre offerings and the abysmal surroundings. I've never gotten sick there. Today, though, I'd had enough. I got my usual; a smoked turkey wrap with honey mustard, provolone cheese and cranberries. The prices for said wrap vary day to day, which has always been suspect, ranging from $8.50-$13. Today was right in the middle, but when I went to pay the $10.20 the female manager/owner? steps in and adds another .75 cents. I asked why and she literally yelled at me FOR CRANBERRIES!! and grabbed the $20 bill from my hand. I asked how was that extra when they had already run up for a turkey, cranberry and cheese wrap. She ignored me and began speaking to another person behind the counter, then ringing up the next customer. I'm a little bummed. 68th and Lex is a food desert catering to students who can eat french fries everyday, or the uber rich, but this is probably a good thing. Hunter Deli is mediocre at best. I can do much better. So should they.
Photo of Samuel A.
Samuel A.
Manhattan, NY
880
12
0
Jun 25, 2015

I go here twice a week, as it's close to the college I attend (CUNY: Hunter). The staff is incredibly nice, and, only after a week or two they started to prepare my coffee the moment I walked in. The Tuesday and Wednesday specials are INCREDIBLE for anyone wanting an affordable and filling sandwich. Wednesday is a chicken sandwich the size of my forearm, and Thursday is a chicken holiday. If you go with the week-day specials, this is one of the most affordable food-venues in the entire area. I definitely recommend this spot.
Photo of David S.
David S.
Manhattan, New York, NY
0
10
1
Mar 23, 2018

I never waste food but I just THREW AWAY the nearly inedible grilled chicken hero I just bought for $8 and went next door for a sandwich. Chicken was dry and made hours earlier and chopped up ,no sauce just part melted mozzarella and red onion, peppers and a mess to eat. Unpleasant experience.Avoid.
Photo of Rhonda W.
Rhonda W.
New York, NY
238
272
57
Jun 5, 2010

maybe if i was starving, i would go to this place again. The tuna panini was greasy, flavorless and took WAY too long to put in the press and get to my table. The best thing about this place is that it was air conditioned and had tables in the front of the deli to sit. Food has a lot of room for improvement - at least the tuna panini.
Photo of Jana R.
Jana R.
Pine Brook, NJ
59
90
6
Sep 4, 2013

I wish i check that place before having lunch there, definitely overpriced, food is ok
Photo of Tony T.
Tony T.
Hoboken, NJ
0
1
0
Jan 29, 2019

I am a vegetarian, so wanted just a cheese quesadilla.
Just cheese only. No chicken, no sour cream, no guacamole, no NOTHING. Just cheese. The staff was nice enough to do this, but when I checked out, i was charged the SAME PRICE as for a chicken quesadilla with all the toppings. THIS IS RIDICULOUS !
A grilled cheese is half that price and has the same amount of ingredients. Can you explain why this is? And don't tell me that it takes the same time to make as a chicken quesadilla, so it's the same price, because that is ridiculous and not what you do with all of your menu items.
Your bagel with cream cheese is $2.50. Your bagel with cream cheese, lox, onion and tomato is $9.25. They both take the same amount of time to make withing seconds of each other... so why is the bagel with just cream cheese not $9.25 ??? This would go along with the ridiculous time needed excuse.
Very disappointed. Also, your fries are ALWAYS under-cooked, soft and soggy. The oil is not hot enough, so nothing gets crispy like it's supposed to. Your staff is exceptionally nice, but your pricing logic is horrible. I would be interested in your response. Thank you.
Photo of Daniel E.
Daniel E.
Phoenix, AZ
99
220
0
Apr 30, 2012

The paninni I had was decent. The service was friendly and I didnt think the prices were outrageous.
Photo of Alexandra I.
Alexandra I.
Douglasville, GA
9
16
3
Oct 26, 2014

The only thing I have tried from this deli is their wraps, and I have never been disappointed. They are very conveniently located for someone who goes to Hunter College. I would say they are a little bit pricey, but not compared to what Hunter's cafeteria offers, especially if you consider the superior quality.