A week ago I paid for a cup of coffee $2.72 and today for the same size $3.27: I asked for the price list and they replied "we do not have it", asked to chat with manager - "no manager is here today". Something wrong with this place.
Photo of Liliana C.
Liliana C.
Brooklyn, NY
0
2
2
Sep 12, 2024
2 photos

Since starting school here this semester, I've had the pleasure of having pizza and a chopped cheese deluxe. I've also had plenty of opportunities to sit and enjoy the ambiance with my food from home. Freddy made my chopped cheese deluxe (w/ fries) today and it was so worth the $10. It was yummy enough for me to go back and give compliments to the chef! The fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned and so was the burger. I look forward to ordering from him at the grill again.

As for the pepperoni pizza, it was also yummy for the price ($3.50). I'd order it again. Not sure about that "veggie pizza" tho... not that I've tried it.
Anyway, point is: give it a try! It was worth it for me and I hope it's worth it for you :)
Hunter College Cafeteria - Chopped cheese deluxe and fresh orange juice - New York, NY

Chopped cheese deluxe and fresh orange juice
Hunter College Cafeteria - Chopped cheese deluxe - New York, NY

Chopped cheese deluxe
Photo of Chris C.
Chris C.
Bayside, NY
232
317
532
Sep 18, 2017
1 photo

Think about your high school lunch.. or the food you get at an amusement park. Now think about something worse than that.
Yeup this is Hunter College's food.
Probably one of the worst cafeteria in all of US.
Plus.. it's expensive af. At least make it cheap for students..? A meal is at least $8.
The fries are so stale my jaw hurts chewing.
The burgers come with old gross bun and patty.. THATS IT.
Hunter College Cafeteria - New York, NY
Photo of Samantha Z.
Samantha Z.
New York, NY
115
13
0
Aug 15, 2018

Why would u do this to me
I come to u in between class and u have... funfetti with whipped cream in a plastic cup to offer?
Who even..,
Rude
Photo of Jester S.
Jester S.
New York, NY
4
151
0
Dec 23, 2016

Overpriced and you dont even know what you are getting because of misleading signage. They advertise a chicken burger and the picture has lettuce and tomato. The chicken burgers underneath are wrapped so you cant see what they look like.... you buy one and you find out NO LETTUCE AND TOMATO the chicken burger was literally a chicken patty between 2 burger buns.

EMBARASSING
Photo of C D.
C D.
Philadelphia, PA
0
88
0
Nov 3, 2010
First to Review

As you approach the source of the nauseating oily stench you realize it's coming from the cafeteria. The prices are significantly higher then many of the options around the college and the food is awful. The service is obnoxious and unaccommodating. I wonder why Hunter college can't get a better deal, quality and price wise, with the massive buying power they posses?! You've got to wonder....!
Do yourself a favor and stay clear of this menacing establishment.
Photo of Saskia P.
Saskia P.
Brooklyn, NY
29
2
1
Feb 12, 2018
1 photo

word of advice walk with food or if you have time run out and get a chicken over rice for $5 or something because spending money here is a mistake. The foods are way to overpriced, doesnt even look good, and theres not a lot to choose from thats all i can see. I was hungry and didn't have time to buy anything to eat but really wanted a tuna sandwish it was the worse mistake of my life. It was only a half of it and it was $4 something, it was too cold and they had their made their own bread I guess I was really livid.
Hunter College Cafeteria - waste of my 4 dollars on this cold,nasty sandwish - New York, NY

waste of my 4 dollars on this cold,nasty sandwish
Photo of Asya B.
Asya B.
Astoria, Queens, NY
35
27
2
Sep 19, 2014

The thing is, there aren't any student-affordable places around in Upper Manhattan (I mean, real meals, healthy meals) and sometimes there isn't enough time to go too far, especially if you're on a 10-20 minutes break between classes.

So, the fact that the food there is overpriced and kinda unhealthy is just...sad. Especially, if you're vegetarian (although I have yo admit, they do have V-options). Some of the dishes just made me feel sick (and I've been some very questionable places, but never felt bad afterwards).

The food is bad not in terms of taste, but quality - just check a list of ingredients.

They used to have microwaves, but they removed them for some reason (why waste electricity, if one can waste their money on college-offered foods).

2 stars instead of 1 because their coffee is better than Starbucks's
Photo of Vitaliy M.
Vitaliy M.
Columbus, OH
1
4
0
Mar 19, 2014

Overpriced "so-so" food.
I had soups or sushi there once in a while. Better get it in the morning while they are still fresh. Sushi sit there all day
Workers there definitely do not like their jobs.
Photo of Veronica B.
Veronica B.
PRINCE, NY
0
8
2
Oct 11, 2012

People clearly hate their job at this place. When they don't have what you want on display and you have to undertake an irksome exchange of words with these people, do not expect any courteousness at all. Last time I had to ask for something, the lady just looked at me with a contemptuous look, and then proceeded to yell: HEY! HEY! WHERE DID HE GO!?!?!? HERE!!," while waving chicken wings and fries in the air. To top it all off? Excessively overpriced less than average food, and they don't take all cards, only Visa.

Now after hearing the health board paid them a visit and actually closed down the cafeteria... I don't think I really want to be coming back.

The food they provide isn't so bad. I have had sushi and salad there. The problem though with the cafeteria is that the food is expensive and that some of the food including salads aren't really in good condition. It's also a huge salad. The rice in sushi taste average. But the rice is pretty mushy... I sill like the french fries.
Photo of Meiyee W.
Meiyee W.
Sammamish, WA
567
298
959
Feb 10, 2015

Absolutely horrible, but then again..it's school food! I ordered the chicken Burger with fries; the fries were too soggy and the chicken taste exactly like it just had been microwaved out the freezer. Very dry..and as expensive as it was, it tasted like a joke. It makes me wish there was a McDonald's nearby because I would definitely run over there instead. You know when its bad when you're absolutely hungry, but the food still tastes nasty.
Photo of Alicia P.
Alicia P.
San Francisco, CA
0
1
0
Nov 28, 2018

rude service. My friend asked for some milk to put in her coffee, and the manager (who we were both directed to) told us that "we don't do that here. They will probably tell you to take your coffee back where you bought it..." that just, left a bad taste in my mouth by that kind of answer. When she said "they" she obviously meant "I" since she manages the place. very rude and would not want to go back even though it just re-opened today... at the end of the semester.
Photo of Katherine C.
Katherine C.
Manhattan, NY
192
129
35
Apr 24, 2012

It's a cafeteria. With limited selection. At least it is very clean and has some vegetarian options (even veggie sushi). The seating area is HORRIBLE with music blasting. And this cafeteria isn't cheap. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Photo of Anne L.
Anne L.
Brooklyn, NY
5
55
54
Sep 12, 2014

The food they provide isn't so bad. I have had sushi and salad there. The problem though with the cafeteria is that the food is expensive and that somenof the food including salads aren't really in good condition. It's also a huge salad. The rice in sushi taste average. But the rice is pretty mushy... I sill like the french fries.
Photo of Hadeer E.
Hadeer E.
WHITESTONE, NY
3
41
14
Sep 26, 2013

It's really not that bad. Granted, the food is overpriced and the selection is limited, but the food they do offer at their exorbitant prices tastes pretty good. I've never had an issue with cleanliness. The folks who work there have always been nice and helpful. It's decent, for what it is.
Photo of Natalie D.
Natalie D.
Staten Island, NY
1
13
1
Jan 9, 2016

Oh my goodness, memories of the hunter college cafeteria fill my head as I write this review. Some good times as a wide eyed transfer student fresh out of bmcc eating their soups, salads, burrito bowls, sushi and the occasional sandwich and thinking those were the greatest foods and times I've ever had. I mean, look at all this variety, right? Wrong!!! Fast forward a year later and I see things that rightfully had the cafeteria shut down due to failing their inspection. For one thing, who puts freshly cooked food into the refrigerator right away? Common sense dictates that doing so will result in the spoiling of the food and unhappy students, who will stop becoming regulars and spreading the word to their friends who could have become patrons. Although some of the employees are nice, its not worth paying so much money for meals that are ultimately mediocre and lacking in variety, despite students suggestions to add more variety to the menu every semester. Another food for thought.. don't nickle and dime every student who is a typically good paying person and a regular. Some times, we don't have enough money for that coffee or whatever we wanted, so please consider cutting your regulars a little slack if the balance is only worth some coin values. I'm sure you'll make up for that money with someone else who happens to have it. You're better off eating at the roadside grill cart right in front of hunters main entrance by the west building. You get good food for a fair price. Also chipotle is on third Avenue by 67th street. Go along lex, third Avenue, second Avenue, first Avenue or where ever to pay less for meals that are of better quality and more wallet friendly.