I have been to this casual Korean place a handful of times for their lunch special. It is $12.95, which is very reasonable for Midtown East. This is evident from the number of people online during those hours ordering takeout or eating in person, with a line commonly forming. The special comes with one base and two dishes. The bases include various styles of rice, such as Kimchi fried rice, japchae/잡채 (or as they write jab chae,) salad, or fries. The dishes range from the standard KBBQ options like bulgogi to other dishes such as Tteok-bokki (or as they write teokboki,) dumplings, and Korean wings. It also includes a little thing of pickled radish/danmuji and some kimchi.

The first time, I had the jab chae noodles, beef bulgogi, and teokboki. The sweet potato noodles/japchae had a mild sesame oil flavor with a handful of vegetables, including scallions, carrots, and others, and were a little sweet. The bulgogi was alright, with a milder sweetness than usual and a tad too much chew. The teobokki was chewy as expected with a mild gochujang flavor and with plenty of fish cakes/eomuk, which was appreciated. The second time, the kimchi fried rice was very lightly flavored, the teobokki was good like last time, and the spicy pork/jeyuk was better quality than the beef, though a little bit less spicy than I would have liked. Also, the onions could have been cooked down a bit longer.

If you don't mind a milder Korean food than at some other spots, I would recommend this spot for lunch. It's obviously not as good as some of the places in either the Koreatowns on 32nd/35th, but it makes do. However, if you want a bit more heat and prefer chicken, walk to K-Bap on the west side.
Korean Express - $12.95 lunch special- Japchae (or jab chae,) tteokbokki, bulgogi. Good price with decent flavor - New York, NY
Korean Express - $12.95 lunch special- Japchae (or jab chae,) tteokbokki, bulgogi. Good price with decent flavor. The japchae - New York, NY
Korean Express - $12.95 lunch special- Japchae (or jab chae,) tteokbokki, bulgogi. Good price with decent flavor - New York, NY
Korean Express - $12.95 lunch special- Japchae (or jab chae,) tteokbokki, bulgogi. Good price with decent flavor. The sides - New York, NY

See all photos from Glenn C. for Korean Express
Photo of Chin T.
Chin T.Elite 26
New York, NY
26 Korean Food reviews
Mar 3, 2025
1 photo

Staffs were friendly. Our first time here, the staff introduced us to the lunch special. You get to choose two sides and an option of rice or jap chae. Price is very affordable given the location. The food was comparable to KTown food court. Would recommend eating here if you're in the area.

Food: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Ambience: 4/5
Korean Express - Lunch special - New York, NY

Lunch special
Photo of Esther L.
Esther L.
Elite 26
All-Star
Brooklyn, Brooklyn, NY
27 Korean Food reviews
Sep 15, 2025
1 photo

Had the beef hot stone bibimbap and beef stew each around $20 which was usually price. The hot stone was very bland in my opinion, needed to use the spicy sauce to get some flavor but it wasn't to my or my friends liking so was just meh. The beef stew was delicious and surprisingly had a lot of beef and tofu, rice was included on the side which helped to absorb some of incredibly rich flavor and taste it had. The two dishes came piping hot so it took a longggg time to eat which I felt was kind of inappropriate because it was too hot to eat for the longest time, longer than I'm used to at other Korean places. The stew was also quite oily. Overall decent Korean food in the area but definitelyy is better elsewhere for a good Korean food experience
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Tamara L.
Tamara L.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
5 Korean Food reviews
Sep 6, 2025
1 photo

I LOVE Korean express! I first went here as a student at Hunter but years later it's remained a fave. The portions are plentiful and the flavor is perfection! Till next time!
Korean Express - Bulgogi Bibimbap - New York, NY

Bulgogi Bibimbap
Photo of Frank M.
Frank M.Elite 26
Manhattan, New York, NY
4 Korean Food reviews
Jul 31, 2025
1 photo

Wonderful spot for a lunch date or friendly meetup. You get A LOT of rice for a really good price AND it's quick. A shame the water cups are so small. I refuse to pay for water, NYC tap water is the best.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Michelle C.
Michelle C.
Elite 26
All-Star
Brooklyn, Brooklyn, NY
8 Korean Food reviews
Jan 1, 2025
1 photo

For lunch, I decided to a nearby spot at work. Korean Express is quick with their service. I got their lunch special with bulgogi (marinated beef), tteokbokki (spicy rice cakes), and fries. It hits the spot since I don't have time to travel to K-town for my lunch break.

The ambiance is best described as a quick casual bite for students and young adults. I only get take out. I always see more than half the tables full when I walk in.
Korean Express - Everyday lunch special with two entrees and one side. Bulgogi Kimbap as well. - New York, NY

Everyday lunch special with two entrees and one side. Bulgogi Kimbap as well.
Photo of Goeun K.
Goeun K.
Palo Alto, CA
7 Korean Food reviews
Dec 21, 2024
7 photos

This spot is perfect for enjoying a quick and delicious variety of Korean dishes. From galbi, soups, and kimbap to bibimbap and Korean-style fried chicken, the menu offers something for everyone. I tried the kimchi stew, served in a piping hot stone pot, accompanied by pickled radish and kimchi as side dishes. The first bite instantly transported me back to Korea--it was perfectly spicy and packed with flavor. The aged kimchi, tender meat, and tofu blended beautifully. With New York's first snowfall yesterday, enjoying this warm and authentic kimchi stew on a cold day was pure comfort.

One downside, however, is that aside from the stone pot, they use plastic and disposable containers for everything else. The rice bowl, side dish plates, and even the utensils were all made of plastic. It would be great if they could switch to reusable tableware in the future. I'm still looking forward to coming back to try more dishes!
Korean Express - New York, NY
Korean Express - menu - New York, NY
Korean Express - Kimchi Stew - New York, NY
Korean Express - New York, NY

See all photos from Goeun K. for Korean Express
Photo of Kimberly N.
Kimberly N.Elite 26
Reno, NV
201
700
3523
Mar 30, 2024
3 photos

For quick, inexpensive Korean food, this place is pretty good! My daughter works nearby and her co-workers are regulars. She, my husband, and I came here for dinner recently because it was not far from an auditorium where we were headed.

I ended up ordering Vegetable Jab-Chae (sweet potato noodles with vegetables and mushrooms) and liked it. My husband had Shrimp Fried Rice, something he loves at most places, and thought it was good but better when he added hot sauce. My daughter had one of their Pajeons (savory pancakes) - it was slightly overcooked but she still liked it.

Service was friendly and fairly quick. You place your order at the register and find a table after paying. The ambience was fine for a casual place. It's nothing fancy but we weren't there for that.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Korean Express - Shrimp Fried Rice - New York, NY
Korean Express - Vegetable Jab-Chae - New York, NY
Photo of Vivienne C.
Vivienne C.Elite 26
Manhattan, NY
63 Korean Food reviews
Nov 10, 2023
2 photos

Came for a quick eat during dinnertime and was happy there weren't that many people. I thought this place, because its a self-service place, would be less than $15 but unfortunately it was not. I would say if you're in the area, it's not a bad place to eat at all BUT if you're closer to Koreatown would just recommend going to BDG Tofu House.

I ordered the Kimchi Tofu Stew and it was pretty good. The flavors were very intense and I appreciate how many different ingredients they had in there. I especially liked the egg that was soft boiled so that it melted all over the tofu stew. I wish they gave more banchans past kimchi but that's okay. I also had the opportunity to try the Hot Stone Bibimbap and was not a fan as the charred rice on the bottom was a bit overwhelming.

Overall, not a bad place for Korean food in Midtown but would not be my first choice for tofu stew.
Korean Express - Kimchi Tofu Stew - New York, NY

Kimchi Tofu Stew
Korean Express - Hot Stone Spicy Pork Bibimbap - New York, NY

Hot Stone Spicy Pork Bibimbap
Photo of Luke W.
Luke W.
Boston, MA
0
4
1
Feb 28, 2026

This restaurant was absolutely the worst Korean food I've ever had. Actually ruined my night in NYC. Service was fine and quick, but it is not that hard to make a good tteokboki or kimbap. Do not give these people your money

Nice to have a decent Korean place midtown and will be back. Giving this a three star since the side dishes are lacking and I ordered mild spicy and I was inferno! They have water in the back which helped
Photo of Caroline Carrie S.
Caroline Carrie S.
CA, CA
0
3
0
Feb 17, 2026

I got food poisoning from the Bimbibop - the hot plate was not hot enough to cook the raw egg, so I mixed some raw egg into the other ingredients.
Photo of Vicky L.
Vicky L.Elite 26
Brooklyn, NY
19 Korean Food reviews
Jul 30, 2023
1 photo

This place brings me back to my college days since it's a couple blocks from Hunter college. I'm glad the restaurant is still here after so many years. I felt that the quality of the food was not as great as I remembered. But so many years have past, it could be different cooks and a change my taste buds? LOL don't come to expecting Korean town quality is what I'm trying to say. Also there are plenty of seating.

FYI - There is a self service of water, hot and cold is available.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Queenie H.
Queenie H.
New York, NY
3 Korean Food reviews
Feb 3, 2025
2 photos

Unfortunately this was a miss for me. I was excited to try korean food as there aren't many restaurants on the UES and this was a quick casual spot. However the food was greasy and lacking flavor. The seafood pajeon barely had seafood and was cold. The kimchi fried rice and army stew had no flavor.
Korean Express - Army Stew, Kimchi Fried Rice, Seafood Pajeon - New York, NY

Army Stew, Kimchi Fried Rice, Seafood Pajeon
Korean Express - Seafood Pajeon - New York, NY

Seafood Pajeon
Photo of Alexa T.
Alexa T.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
17 Korean Food reviews
Jun 1, 2023
7 photos

What a great lunch special deal! The lunch special is offered 11:30-3 pm. You get 2 entrees and a side did $11.95.

My mom and I got:
1) lunch special: Spicy pork, bulgogi, and japchae ($11.95)
2) lunch special: Spicy pork, bulgogi, and kimchi fried rice ($11.95)
3) fried chicken wings - half spicy and half mild (6 pieces for $8.95)

I really enjoyed everything. It was flavorful and the spicy pork had a little kick. The bulgogi was not very sweet. I preferred the kimchi fried rice over the japchae.

The wings were good too! Crispy and not overbearing with a lot of sauce.

I will definitely come back! There are some tables for you to eat at along the side and in the back of the restaurant.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Korean Express - Lunch special - New York, NY
Korean Express - Lunch special - New York, NY
Korean Express - New York, NY

See all photos from Alexa T. for Korean Express
Photo of Maggie H.
Maggie H.Elite 26
Pittsburgh, PA
18 Korean Food reviews
May 16, 2024
1 photo

Service was quick. When I searched the menu, it said they had jajangmyun but when I tried to order in person, it's not on the menu at all. Food wasn't out of the ordinary but affordable than usual Korean restaurants in the city. It has a similar vibe to food court meals.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Curtis J.
Curtis J.Elite 26
Millersville, MD
59
60
303
Mar 3, 2024
1 photo

Very authentic Korean food, good service, and the food came out pretty quickly. I will definitely be back. Probably tomorrow. If you've spent any time in Korea, yes, it's that good.
Korean Express - Chicken Dolsot (Hot Stone) Bibimbop - New York, NY

Chicken Dolsot (Hot Stone) Bibimbop
Photo of Dana H.
Dana H.Elite 26
Flushing, Queens, NY
31 Korean Food reviews
Dec 5, 2023

I came by for a quick lunch while waiting for my laptop to be serviced, and it was just ok. The prices were a bit higher than I expected, but I'm not surprised. I got their bulgogi stew, and it did come out piping hot but I wasn't actually a big fan of it- it was just too sweet. I do wish there were larger pieces of bulgogi, I felt like there were more noodles and mushrooms than anything.

It's a simple restaurant, no waitress, it's all self-service. There's also a water dispenser near the back where you can grab your own water. Overall, it wasn't bad, it's good for a quick lunch, but it's nothing special.
Photo of Jessica L.
Jessica L.Elite 26
New York, NY
14 Korean Food reviews
Aug 3, 2023
1 photo

I ordered in ubereats to my office on UWS. They have fast delivery (15-20 mins) and amazing kimbap. I ordered bulgogi kimbap and bulgogi over rice. The kimbap is not pictured because I inhaled it it was that amazing. The bulgogi meat is good and the rice is nice and soft.
Korean Express - Bulgogi - New York, NY

Bulgogi
Photo of Kaia B.
Kaia B.Elite 26
Long Island, NY
4 Korean Food reviews
Jun 16, 2023

I go to Hunter, and I've taken all of my friends here for lunch if we want to hang out after class. I'm not Korean, so I can't speak to the authenticity of the food, but I can say that it's delicious, fresh, and flavorful- for significantly less money than you find elsewhere on the upper east side.
I always get either the bulgogi or spicy tuna kimbap. The spicy tuna is my favorite comfort food, its spicy greasy deliciousness is perfectly balanced out by the warm fluffy rice and nori. Their kimchi stews and bibimbap bowls are also delicious in my opinion. Also as a college student who's always in a hurry, I appreciate that you order immediately and sit down to wait for your number to be called. They have a well organized and no-bs system in place, and the inside is very clean and cozy too.

The food was very flavorful and a good stop if you're in the area on the go. Small spot but cozy, fast service and polite people
Korean Express - Great lunch menu - New York, NY

Great lunch menu
Photo of Erika T.
Erika T.
San Jose, CA
12 Korean Food reviews
Jun 14, 2023
1 photo

First time here! I ordered Kimchi Fried Rice, Bulgogi, and Spicy Pork all for $11 lunch special!

This has to be the best budget friendly meal I've had in NY. Looking at the color of the Kimchi Fried rice, you already know it was spicy and moist! And it was.The Bulgogi and Spicy Pork were soft and juicy as well.

I'd definitely come back and order the same thing. Might as also add Kimbap because the pictures look good!!

P.s Thanks to the workers for holding my purse when I forgot it! You guys are lifesavers!
Korean Express - Kimchi Fried Rice, Spicy Pork, Bulgogi Lunch Meal - New York, NY

Kimchi Fried Rice, Spicy Pork, Bulgogi Lunch Meal
Photo of Tunaidi A.
Tunaidi A.Elite 26
Manhattan, NY
173 Korean Food reviews
Dec 13, 2023

In an area with a lack of traditional Korean food, Korean Express can fulfill the occasional craving. However, it's average at best, and the prices are still the same as Ktown.
Photo of Juan G.
Juan G.
Elite 26
All-Star
New York, NY
5 Korean Food reviews
Jul 8, 2021
1 photo

I had ordered the wing mixed and they are so good. Real meaty wings with some having a real kick to them and the other ones mild.
Very delicious.
The teriyaki chicken with vegetables and fried egg looked so good when I first opened it. Another delicious lunch. The fried egg could have been a little more runny but the combination of flavors was so powerful. The first bite one me over.
Korean Express - Teriyaki Chicken fried rice with egg - New York, NY

Teriyaki Chicken fried rice with egg
Photo of Angelina Z.
Angelina Z.
San Francisco, CA
20 Korean Food reviews
May 6, 2024
1 photo

Nice selection + prices here. The army stew was delicious and ready within a few minutes. If you're like me and can't handle spice, don't worry--the stew is pretty mild. Overall super happy to have found a Korean spot on the upper east side!!
Korean Express - Army Stew - New York, NY

Army Stew
Photo of Isabella P.
Isabella P.
New York, NY
3 Korean Food reviews
Jun 9, 2023
1 photo

There is something about Korean Express that always makes me want to come back.

I was a bit disappointed when I tried this place for the first time and ordered a vegetable curry, only for it to consist of potatoes and carrots. I was expecting a greater variety of vegetables and a more flavorful sauce.

Despite last experience, I came in again to give it another chance.

This time the Bulgogi Jap Chae caught my eye, and it was a much better option! When I tried the first bite, I was honestly surprised about how much I liked the taste and consistency of everything! Despite looking like a big portion, the meal was pretty light as well.

The service is pretty quick and I liked how there is a water cooler for you to get water and refill it any time.

I am much happier with my experience this time at Korean Express, and I probably will be back to get more Jap Chae. I do wish the advertising was more representative of the meals that they serve.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Sarah M.
Sarah M.Elite 26
New York, NY
10 Korean Food reviews
Dec 5, 2023

I ordered Korean express for delivery. i got kimbap and the scallion panjeon. It was soooo good. My friend got the box meal, which for $18 is a great value. I want to go back in person and get the hot stone pot!
Photo of Jatin A.
Jatin A.
New York, NY
17 Korean Food reviews
Jul 15, 2022
3 photos

We had dinner at Korean Express, thinking it might be a little cheap considering you order at the counter and take your food to the table. It wasn't exactly cheap, although the service was good, something which has to be mentioned.

Rozena thought the MSG in the chicken curry was overwhelming. I can't say I could tell the difference between that the packaged Japanese curry we normally have. Not sure if that's a good thing. Probably not. The beef bibimbap is plentiful, with beef accompanied by an egg, loads of carrots and lettuce, bean sprouts and plenty of zucchini. It's a good dish, albeit unspectacular.

Not a bad option if you are hungry but we have certainly had better elsewhere.
Korean Express - Chicken Curry over Rice - New York, NY
Korean Express - New York, NY
Korean Express - Beef bibimbap - New York, NY
Photo of Jiwon K.
Jiwon K.
New York, NY
36
62
35
Aug 31, 2024

Soooooo bad. Ordered delivery and as soon as I opened the container I could smell the rotten meat. Legit served spoiled food.
Photo of Maria S.
Maria S.
Flemington, NJ
0
55
46
Jan 26, 2024
3 photos

I love this place. I come here on average once a week because my work is by, but I've come as many as 3 times in a week. They are friendly, always private tables available, and fast. The lunch special is a great price, so is the udon.

I am skeptical of online reviews; because who knows if they are authentic, because companies incentivize customers to leave outstanding reviews. I have patronized businesses, only to find the service or food unpalatable.

Similarly, businesses with authentic reviews, are often not recommended because the customer only left one or two reviews.

I ordered from Korean Express because the delivery service rated them 4.9 stars. The Bulgogi Japchae was bland. The kimchee was a shame to every Korean grandmother on the planet; how dare you!

I was compelled to pull condiments from my pantry to swallow this food. It was culinarily atrociousness!

The bigger lesson is that I should stop trusting reviews!
Photo of Amelia L.
Amelia L.Elite 26
Queens, NY
24 Korean Food reviews
Mar 9, 2020
1 photo

I found this restaurant when I was looking for a quick meal before heading home after a recent shopping trip to Bloomingdale's. After reading the reviews I decided to try them out. Korean Express is a fast-casual Korean restaurant. Most of the restaurant is taken up by the open kitchen and counter but there are plenty of small tables.

They offer the standard Korean fare; japchae, mandoo, wings, kimbap, etc. Since I was in a hurry, I decided on a ordering the Korean Fried Chicken 6 piece wings ($8) and crispy fries($5). The wings were actually really yummy! It had a nice crunch and good flavor. The meat was very juicy, and the pieces were pretty large. It was a really nice surprise.

The crispy fries were okay. They did not look like shoestring fries as was described on the menu but rather regular French fries. The fries themselves were fried perfectly and not too oily. It came with an aioli mayo dipping sauce that was kind of bland. Nevertheless, it went pretty well with the wings.

This restaurant is an inexpensive option, especially for this neighborhood. The décor has seen better days, but the food is actually pretty good. And the service is quick and friendly. Next time I'm in the neighborhood, I'm definitely coming back here.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Mark Nowell M.
Mark Nowell M.Elite 26
Woodside, Queens, NY
17 Korean Food reviews
Apr 25, 2020
2 photos

Craving for Korean food during this pandemic! And this satisfy my cravings!

Location: It is located in Lexington Ave. The interior is okay, looks like a fast food. Few chairs inside, but you have to order and get out cause it is kinda narrow.

Service: I just spoke with the cashier, and he was okay.

Food: I got the Lunch Bento Box Special: Bulgogi is good, marinated well, fried dumplings is tasty and the salad! But their rice was star here, it was so sticky and good! How I love my rice! Free miso soup and kimchi was a good side dish!

Price rating: 6/10, $17 bucks for the bento box. Not bad.

Definitely not the bad or best korean restau i have been! But it satisfied my craving during this pandemic.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Korean Express - Bulgogi Platter - New York, NY
Korean Express - Bulgogi Box Meal - New York, NY
Photo of Yong K.
Yong K.Elite 26
Manhattan, NY
32 Korean Food reviews
May 10, 2022

Solid, affordable, tasty, quick, Korean!
came after church with some friends and all their food was solid. (I got the spicy pork and chicken teriyaki which were yummy. My friend said the korean fried chicken was great too)
lots of seating area and food came out very quick.
They also do lunch specials! (even on weekends)

def check it out if you are craving some quick comfortable korean food
Photo of JP R.
JP R.
New York, NY
5
48
3
Jan 14, 2024

Why the low rating?

Not the best kimchi fried rice by far. Mandoo not bad.

Ambiance is what drags it down - floor repaired by tape!

And the worst - even though you are dining in, they serve some dishes in plastic and have plastic utensils. Despite the fact that pictures show nicely plated dishes in ceramics.

Avoid. Wish I could get my money back.
Photo of Jonathan C.
Jonathan C.Elite 26
San Jose, CA
19 Korean Food reviews
Jan 22, 2022
1 photo

I tried their Korean chicken wings here, and have come back a number of times for more! They are excellent - generous portion, large wings, flavorful, fried perfectly, customized to your preferences. There are a bunch of other items on the menu that I hope to try as well. I had the mixed spicy and mild soy garlic flavors. The spicy had a little too much kick for me (was constantly refilling my glass of water) but the mild was perfect!
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Ajith J.
Ajith J.
Hartford, CT
7 Korean Food reviews
Dec 15, 2022
1 photo

We were in Manhattan walking around trying to find a good place for lunch. We happened to stumble upon this spot. We got there just as lunch rush was about to start. A good amount of seating inside. The lunch specials are truly amazing. I don't see the lunch specials advertised anywhere on their website. You get to pick two entree items and a side. We picked kimchi rice, bulgogi, wings and spicy pork. The spicy pork was bomb highly recommend it. Overall a very satisfying meal for a very reasonable price with indoor seating. Couldn't ask for more.
Korean Express - New York, NY
Photo of Jennifer D.
Jennifer D.
Manhattan, NY
1025
460
868
Dec 28, 2020
1 photo

We tried the bulgogi bibimbap and Korean fried chicken on a delivery order. Food was packaged well and the wings were not too soggy. The wings flavor was good though the sauce was a bit heavy.

We did not like the bibimbap as much. The tiny sauce container was not enough for all the food and while the egg and meat were tasty on their own the veggies were cold and flavorless. As always, the banchan was a nice touch though only the kimchi tasted good.

Unfortunately we didn't feel great after either, a bit of an upset stomach, so not sure we'll order again.
Korean Express - Bulgogi Bibimbap and Korean Fried Wings - New York, NY

Bulgogi Bibimbap and Korean Fried Wings
Photo of Mi H.
Mi H.
Manhattan, New York, NY
0
8
6
Nov 14, 2024

Never again. On 11/1 a cashier was yelling at a customer after the customer said they just saw an employee leave the bathroom without washing their hands and enter the kitchen. She was yelling at the customer as if it was the customers fault. The cashier reacted very aggressively towards the customer even waving her hands at the customers face asking him to smell her hand as if she was trying to convince him that the staff washes their hands, completely not listening to what the customer was trying to explain to her. Very aggressive, condescending, and it seems to not have been the first time that was called out to them.
Photo of Haibai T.
Haibai T.
New York, NY
89
56
27
May 4, 2024

I don't want to categorize this as Korean food because it is not. Expensive mediocre tasting food. One and done.