
Go to HunterCollege
r/HunterCollege

Food Spots?
Questions

Hi, I’m a transfer at Hunter and I trying to find the best food spots. I tried the 3rd floor cafe but it’s horrible and the food trucks outside are fine but I want to know what else it has? And is it in close proximity to Hunter where I don’t have to walk blocks just to reach the locations? I’m open to any type of food :)


I go to korean express a lot


Where is that?




Lunch Deal isn’t bad


Where is that?


5ish blocks downtown on the east side of lexington


Korean Express, UP thai, Thep Thai, The Pho Lexington, Mikado, Jerk House Caribbean, Teranga, Koba, Tina’ Cuban, Patsy’s Pizzeria


Where and how far are all those locations from Hunter?


You should search them up. It’s pretty close, the distance isn’t a lot in my opinion.


They just recently opened this one block down on Lex! Lots of Hunter students in there getting good eats for decent price.

God bless you, I just got my order of 12 boneless wings, fries, sauce and drink for $4.30, I eating right now in the college, I didn’t expect it to be sure a big order!!!, I trying to eat most of it so I can put it in my bag


panda express is my vibe personally

What you be ordering from there? I never had

orange chicken and fried rice ❤️

Gongcha (dumplings/poke bowls)

chipotle (kind of overpriced)

teriyaki truck (down the parking area)

blue halal truck (idk about others, but I only get from this truck since the other cart made me have stomach issues before)

if you keep walking down to 70th street you will find a string of places to eat, (don't go to the bagel one, not hygenic), but there are some pasta/pizza places



Tried Gongcha poke bowl on Monday, it was very mid. But will try the other options here listed, thanks.


If you go to 1st Ave- there’s Cuban, Greek, Mexican, Thai, sushi, etc. places and other restaurants there since WC, MSK, HSS hospitals are all there.


That Greek place is the bomb ngl


What’s the name of the Greek spot? I’ll check it out next week


Chick is on 57th and lex


Two Wheels Vietnamese 68/2ndav


aji sai for sushi, chipotle (LOL), lexington pho, sweetgreen


smash burger down the block

it’s the worst place for food idk man

UP Thai is a quick walk from Hunter and has a magnificent lunch special

hunter halal all plates r $7 just salad opened on 3rd ave and they’re running a $5 off thing on your first order


I like Tacombi. They have promos for Hunter students during happy hours

Not a lot of food honestly


Mcdonald

Where is that?

From north building where u see chase walk down 2 blocks
