 Food places by Hunter
General
Why is everything so expensive by Hunter. I get we are in Manhattan and by Central Park but damn😢. I thought the café would be a little more affordable but it’s not. The food is decent but I can’t afford to buy food during my long days and I have enough time to meal prep the whole week. My money is limited unfortunately :/ 

Any cheap food recommendations that don’t include walking to far is greatly appreciated


I feel you. Your Hunter student card gets you 10% off at the Hunter Deli on 70th and Lex. Also at the Dunkin’ down the street the other way. Otherwise…nothing cheap is around there on the UES. I utilize that fruit stand a lot to eat some fruit to hold me over until I get back to my neighborhood


The fruit stand has been my bestie so far :’)


what kind of prices are at the fruit cart?

there's a microwave near the library and you can bring some food from home too

Where is it exactly?


When you get off the escalators on 3rd Floor on your way to the Library, right after the bridge there’s white tables and in that area that’s where the microwaves are


I just went to the cafe for the first time this semester the other day. Over $3 for that little ass slice of pizza is highway robbery wtf. Atleast last semester the slices used to be way bigger.

I have no recs for cheap food near hunter unfortunately. I usually buy food on my way home and starve throughout the day💀


Most students starve throughout the day and wait till they reach home to eat


Whatever you do, don’t go to the chipotle close by. Truly the most disgusting chipotle I’ve ever tasted in my life. I don’t know how they’re making the food but holy shit



Tacombi does buy one taco, get one taco on Tuesdays. The black bean and sweet potato taco is $4.98. Meat tacos start at $6.98.


There is also McDonalds by the belter research center. 8 min walk but I think they still have the $5 meal for when you want some fast food. The halal food cart before Terry and Yaki has a $10 meals. I think terry and yaki is $12-14.


Fast food unhealthy af tho 😭 like sure we all like McDonald’s but we can’t eat that everyday


I will almost always go tuesday. fish taco and side of black beans



Your best bet is to walk down to 1st and 2nd ave because Lexington Ave will only ever be expensive lol.


List some restaurant names


Ollie’s to go (lunch specials are good!), Sophie’s, 7th street burger, Bigoi Venezia, Yia Yia’s, JG Melon, Up Thai. Roy’s Sushi, Migrant kitchen


Is Taco Bell good tho?


Of course it is!


I bring fruit from home, the fruit cart that is sometimes outside is fine,


claim has other restaurants like just salad, sweetgreen so u can vary ur options a little


Idk how people eat only greens 🤮


If you have time to meal prep but don’t have money, check out the Hunter food pantry in B1. There’s also this app that I haven’t tried but gives cheap food at times called TooGoodToGo.
Hunter Halal is still 7$
Wait isn’t that the food truck where a student posted a picture of a big ass roach in their food?
Like where is that food truck?
Which food truck?
